the problems with the intellectual left
is the
the very idea that it would coalesce
around you know two sort of charismatic
theorists um
we're talking very practical questions
we're talking about questions of what uh
of vision and direction now what we have
at the moment is
we should be arguing with each other
about how we feel about the role of safe
that's a token of our own irrelevance uh
what we should be talking about is how
to take
um
a part in the arguments about the
fundamental changes that are going to
happen in our society in the wake of
this i mean the last poll i saw showed
that nine percent of people in the uk
for example when i think put things back
to normal people are demanding a
fundamental change in our relationship
to each other in our relationship to
nature we need to make ourselves
relevant
to that debate now as it happens most of
the radical ideas of social
transformation have been coming out of
the left um but that's the important
thing we should be dividing up
you know around our visions um
what is the best way that we can
transform society to make it less
incredibly violently alienating and
oppressive and still get to zero carbon
by 2025 or at most 20 30. um
so that we don't we're not all under
water in in 10 years um
these are the things that we're supposed
to be arguing about but i mean in a way
it's it's a mercy that this happened
because it happened early enough that
there's still time to turn things around
it's a kind of a warning shot of things
to come and the left are the only people
who've been thinking about radically
different visions so we need to get over
these kind of squabbles and start
thinking about what it is we're actually
proposing